Shitang Yu (ystang@grgbanking.com), Kun Lv (lkun10@grgbanking.com), Yingcheng Guo, Jun Zou(zjun23@grgbanking.com), Bo Zhang(zbo2 0@grgbanking.com) are with 
Department of Research and Development, GRG Banking Blockchain, Guang Zhou, China 
Zhou Shao is with China Computer Federation, Technical Committee of Blockchain 
A High Performance Blockchain Platform  
for Intelligent Devices 

^ŚŝƚĂŶŐzƵ͕<ƵŶ>ǀ͕ŚŽƵ^ŚĂŽ͕zŝŶŐĐŚĞŶŐ'ƵŽ͕:ƵŶŽƵ͕ŽŚĂŶŐ
Abstract²In the area of IoT (Internet of Things), more and 
more intelligent devices are being connected to the Internet. 
These intelligent devices have been producing a huge amout of 
useful data over time, however there is still a lack of a platform 
which can efficiently transfer and utilize the value of the 
massive IoT data. Blockchain is able to transfer value with a 
relative low cost, which makes it possible for the data from 
smart devices to create economic value. This work of  this 
paper is to design a high performance blockchain platform, 
using technologies such as distributed network architecture, 
intelligent devices node mapping, as well as PBFT-DPOC 
consensus algorithm to realize the decentralized autonomy of 
intelligent devices. 
Index terms ²Blockchain, Intelligent Device Nodes Mapping, 
PBFT-DPOC 
I. INTRODUCTION
People are benefiting more and more from technological 
advancement, and enjoying more convenient and efficient 
services provided by intelligent devices, such as traffic 
lights, automatic vending machines, etc. In the past, people 
did not realize or could not capture the plentiful valuable 
data generated while using these devices. However, with the 
increase of awareness promoted by the big data boom, it has 
been a universal consensus that data is the most valueable 
asset of a business. With sound protection of data privacy, 
people are trying to make better use of the data created by 
intelligent devices. However, at present, there is no 
comprehensive platform that can make the intelligent devices 
easy to access and continuously exchange data value at low 
cost. The blockchain technology has the characteristics of 
high security, decentralization, and tamper-proof, which 
enables all participants to realize value interconnection and 
transmission at a very low cost.This paper explores the 
possibility of building a high performance blockchain 
platform for intelligent devices to shift from traditional 
services providers to data value providers and consumers, so 
that it can create more value. 
II. R ELATED WORK
   In order to build an efficient blockchain network for 
intelligent devices, this paper makes a in-depth study on 
characteristics and mechanism of blockchain technology and 
intelligent devices network. 
A. Blockchain
Blockchain technology is a new technology that 
integrates decentralization, distributed computation, 
asymmetric encryption, timestamp, consensus algorithm[1]. 
It provides a distributed ledger that simplifies account 
reconciliation process through encryption techniques and 
distributed message transmission protocol, and maintains a 
large amount of data through decentralization. It is able to 
boost data processing efficiency, and provides data sharing 
function while still ensuring data security. Therefore, 
comparing to traditional technologies, blockchain technology 
is equipped with the strengths of sustainability, 
compatibility, data sharing, and interconnectivity. 
B. Internet of Intelligent Device 
At present, most intelligent devices are connected to the 
central server of their corresponding carriers through 
network optical fiber, to increase the maintenance 
efficiency[2]. At the same time, there are very few intelligent 
devices to further utilize users ¶data. The advancement of 
online payment technology enables the intelligent devices to 
obtain information of actual users. Through further analysis 
and use of data, it can realize functions such as distributing 
the rights and interests of users' consumption data by 
intelligent devices and pushing targeted advertisements, and 
realize higher value of data. 
III. P ROPOSED SOLUTION
In order to ensure the security and stability of the system, 
the inherent characteristics of intelligent devices, such as 
functional specificity and minimum system configuration, 
are fully considered in the design of the system. In the 
process of joining the blockchain network, intelligent devices 
G R Q R W D F W X D O O \ F D U U \ R X W ³ P L Q L Q J ´ R U V L P L O D U U H V R X U F H-
consuming proof of work, so as to ensure the stable 
operation. 
A. Network Architecture 
This system mainly adopts a three-layer architecture, 
including the intelligent device layer, blockchain layer and 
DAPP layer, in which the intelligent devices and blockchain 
nodes are connected by the mechanism of node-to-node 
mapping, as shown in the Fig. 1 below. Distributed 
architecture is adopted among blockchain nodes to realize 
the sharing and maintenance of accounts through consensus 
algorithm. DAPP layer mainly provides data service 
interface for data consumers. DAPP developers can develop 
personalized DAPP applications according to users' actual 
needs. The open blockchain system adopts the mode of 
issuing token for incentivizing users and distributing equity, 
so as to encourage all participants to actively participate in 
system maintenance and ensure its stable operation. 
B. Intelligent Device Nodes Mapping 
    Due to the limited hardware resource of intelligent 
devices, the utilization of the intelligent device for resource-
consumptive ³mining´ operation may cause device 
downtime or other problems. Therefore, this paper proposes 
a node-to-node mapping mechanism. In this mechanism, 
each intelligent device can be mapped to a node in the 
blockchain network through the identity registration 
protocol, and then participate in the verification and 
maintenance of the entire intelligent device blockchain. This 
978-1-5386-4870-4/18/$31.00 ©2018 IEEE
260
Proceedings of 2018 1st IEEE International Conference on Hot Information-Centric Networking (HotICN 2018)
Authorized licensed use limited to: UNIVERSIDADE ESTADUAL DE MARINGA. Downloaded on July 14,2025 at 17:01:06 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 