Proceedings of 2018 1st IEEE International Conference on Hot Information-Centric Networking (HotICN 2018)
^ŚŝƚĂŶŐzƵ͕<ƵŶ>ǀ͕ŚŽƵ^ŚĂŽ͕zŝŶŐĐŚĞŶŐ'ƵŽ͕:ƵŶŽƵ͕ŽŚĂŶŐ
Abstract²In the area of IoT (Internet of Things), more and  more intelligent devices are being connected to the Internet.  These intelligent devices have been producing a huge amout of  useful data over time, however there is still a lack of a platform  which can efficiently transfer and utilize the value of the  massive IoT data. Blockchain is able to transfer value with a  relative low cost, which makes it possible for the data from  smart devices to create economic value. This work of  this  paper is to design a high performance blockchain platform,  using technologies such as distributed network architecture,  intelligent devices node mapping, as well as PBFT-DPOC  consensus algorithm to realize the decentralized autonomy of  intelligent devices.
Index terms²Blockchain, Intelligent Device Nodes Mapping,  PBFT-DPOC
I. INTRODUCTION
People are benefiting more and more from technological  advancement, and enjoying more convenient and efficient  services provided by intelligent devices, such as traffic  lights, automatic vending machines, etc. In the past, people  did not realize or could not capture the plentiful valuable  data generated while using these devices. However, with the  increase of awareness promoted by the big data boom, it has  been a universal consensus that data is the most valueable  asset of a business. With sound protection of data privacy,  people are trying to make better use of the data created by  intelligent devices. However, at present, there is no  comprehensive platform that can make the intelligent devices  easy to access and continuously exchange data value at low  cost. The blockchain technology has the characteristics of  high security, decentralization, and tamper-proof, which  enables all participants to realize value interconnection and  transmission at a very low cost.This paper explores the  possibility of building a high performance blockchain  platform for intelligent devices to shift from traditional  services providers to data value providers and consumers, so  that it can create more value.
II. RELATED WORK
In order to build an efficient blockchain network for  intelligent devices, this paper makes a in-depth study on  characteristics and mechanism of blockchain technology and  intelligent devices network.
A. Blockchain Blockchain technology is a new technology that  integrates  decentralization,  distributed  computation,  asymmetric encryption, timestamp, consensus algorithm[1].  It provides a distributed ledger that simplifies account  reconciliation process through encryption techniques and  distributed message transmission protocol, and maintains a  large amount of data through decentralization. It is able to  boost data processing efficiency, and provides data sharing
Shitang Yu (ystang@grgbanking.com), Kun Lv (lkun10@grgbanking.com), Yingcheng Guo, Jun Zou(zjun23@grgbanking.com), Bo Zhang(zbo20@grgbanking.com) are with  Department of Research and Development, GRG Banking Blockchain, Guang Zhou, China  Zhou Shao is with China Computer Federation, Technical Committee of Blockchain
260
A High Performance Blockchain Platform
for Intelligent Devices

function while still ensuring data security. Therefore,  comparing to traditional technologies, blockchain technology  is  equipped  with  the  strengths  of  sustainability,  compatibility, data sharing, and interconnectivity.
B. Internet of Intelligent Device  At present, most intelligent devices are connected to the  central server of their corresponding carriers through  network optical fiber, to increase the maintenance  efficiency[2]. At the same time, there are very few intelligent  devices to further utilize users¶ data. The advancement of  online payment technology enables the intelligent devices to  obtain information of actual users. Through further analysis  and use of data, it can realize functions such as distributing  the rights and interests of users' consumption data by  intelligent devices and pushing targeted advertisements, and  realize higher value of data.
III. PROPOSED SOLUTION
In order to ensure the security and stability of the system,  the inherent characteristics of intelligent devices, such as  functional specificity and minimum system configuration,  are fully considered in the design of the system. In the  process of joining the blockchain network, intelligent devices  GR QRW DFWXDOO\ FDUU\ RXW ³PLQLQJ´ RU VLPLODU UHVRXUFH- consuming proof of work, so as to ensure the stable  operation.
A. Network Architecture  This system mainly adopts a three-layer architecture,  including the intelligent device layer, blockchain layer and  DAPP layer, in which the intelligent devices and blockchain  nodes are connected by the mechanism of node-to-node  mapping, as shown in the Fig. 1 below. Distributed  architecture is adopted among blockchain nodes to realize  the sharing and maintenance of accounts through consensus  algorithm. DAPP layer mainly provides data service  interface for data consumers. DAPP developers can develop  personalized DAPP applications according to users' actual  needs. The open blockchain system adopts the mode of  issuing token for incentivizing users and distributing equity,  so as to encourage all participants to actively participate in  system maintenance and ensure its stable operation.
B. Intelligent Device Nodes Mapping      Due to the limited hardware resource of intelligent  devices, the utilization of the intelligent device for resource- consumptive  ³mining´  operation  may  cause  device  downtime or other problems. Therefore, this paper proposes  a node-to-node mapping mechanism. In this mechanism,  each intelligent device can be mapped to a node in the  blockchain network through the identity registration  protocol, and then participate in the verification and  maintenance of the entire intelligent device blockchain. This  978-1-5386-4870-4/18/$31.00 ©2018 IEEE
Authorized licensed use limited to: UNIVERSIDADE ESTADUAL DE MARINGA. Downloaded on July 14,2025 at 17:01:06 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply.

Proceedings of 2018 1st IEEE International Conference on Hot Information-Centric Networking (HotICN 2018)
/ŶƚĞůůŝŐĞŶƚ ĞǀŝĐĞ>ĂǇĞƌ
фŵĂƉƉŝŶŐх
фŵĂƉƉŝŶŐх фŵĂƉƉŝŶŐх фŵĂƉƉŝŶŐх
ůŽĐŬĐŚĂŝŶ>ĂǇĞƌ
фĚĂƚĂх фĚĂƚĂх фĚĂƚĂх
WW>ĂǇĞƌ

Fig. 1. Network architecture of intelligent device blockchain platform
node can be either a lightweight node or a Block Producer  node. Intelligent devices can share users' useage data in the  blockchain network through this node, and get rewards after  the data is consumed and used by others.
C. PBFT-DPOC Consensus Algorithm  Numerous devices and their limited hardware resources  will exert great pressure on the blockchain network if all  nodes participate in bookkeeping activities. Therefore, this  paper puts forward a new DPOC (Delegated Proof of  Contribution) algorithm to enable any node in the network to  run for BP (Block Producer). Candidates need to contribute  their own hardware infrastructure (including computing  power, storage, and bandwidth), and all nodes can take part  in voting. The final campaign ranking is determined by votes  DQGPLQHU¶VZHLJKW-sum ranking of seniority. The actual vote  is calculated by the following formula:
Q
L  u  u  ¦
    
N 0 N 1 6



L
Where S is the number of votes;  L 1 is the number of  votes for node i; k is the proportion coefficient of token; M is  candidate's seniority. 21 super nodes and several substitute  nodes will be generated during the voting process. These  super nodes generate blocks through PBFT (Practical  Byzantine Fault Tolerance) algorithm and finally reach  consensus[3][4]. Every block has the digital signature of the  remaining BP nodes, and if a dishonest or inactive node is  found during the block verification process, it will be  blacklisted and replaced by a substitute node.
D. Economic Model  Intelligent devices need to pay a certain amout of tokens  to upload the users¶V behavioral data, so as to prevent the  device from maliciously uploading a large number of invalid  data and causing network congestion. At the same time, after  a BP node generates a block, it will receive a certain number  of tokens as reward, which will encourage more nodes to  compete for bookkeepig, and they collectively maintain the  consistency of the blockchain ledger. DAPP developers, who  develop personalized applications for intelligent devices,  need to pay a certain amount of tokens for deploying DAPP  to the blockchain, and tokens can be earned from DAPP  users as a service charge. In order to obtain the  corresponding data resources, the data consumer needs to  pay some tokens to the data producer before using the data.  Ordinary users of intelligent devices, can obtain certain token
261
rewards after using intelligent devices and use these tokens  to exchange goods or services from various device operators.
IV. RESULTS
This paper tested the transaction throughput and system  delay of the intelligent device blockchain, and compared it  with the performance of public blockchains such as Bitcoin  and Ethereum[5][6].
Fig. 2. Throughput and latency results of different blockchains
The result in Fig. 2 shows that the intelligent device  blockchain has higher transaction throughput and lower  transaction latency than that of Bitcoin and Ethereum.
V. CONCLUSION The main contribution of this paper is the design of a  high performance blockchain platform for intelligent devices.  The platform achieves efficient connection of intelligent  devices through the node-to-node mapping mechanism of  intelligent devices. At the same time, we design a blockchain  consensus algorithm for intelligent devices, which provids  higher  consensus  efficiency  while  guarantee  the  decentralization, provide higher efficiency. This system can  make all the relevant parties of the intelligent devices obtain  higher efficiency and benefits, and achieve a result of multi- win.
REFERENCES
[1] Zheng Z, Xie S, Dai H, et al. An Overview of Blockchain  Technology: Architecture, Consensus, and Future Trends[C]. IEEE  International Congress on Big Data. IEEE, 2017.  [2] Bello, Oladayo, and Sherali Zeadally. "Intelligent device-to-device  communication in the internet of things." IEEE Systems Journal 10.3  (2016): 1172-1182.  [3] Leslie L, Robert S, Marshall P. The Byzantine Generals Problem[J].  ACM Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems  (TOPLAS), 1982, 4(3):382±401.  [4] Castro M, Liskov B. Practical byzantine fault tolerance and proactive  recovery[J]. Acm Transactions on Computer Systems, 2002,  20(4):398-461.  [5] Croman K, Decker C, Eyal I, et al. On scaling decentralized  blockchains[C]. International Conference on Financial Cryptography  and Data Security. Springer, Berlin, Heidelberg, 2016: 106-125.  [6] Sel M, Diedrich H, Demeester S, et al. How Smart Contracts Can  Implement 'Report Once'[J]. Social Science Electronic Publishing,  2017, 25(4): 993-101
Authorized licensed use limited to: UNIVERSIDADE ESTADUAL DE MARINGA. Downloaded on July 14,2025 at 17:01:06 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply.

